
# KanoSan
KanoSan: A crowdsourcing platform enabling users to compare prices of basic grocery & household items sold in
traditional/brick-and-mortar stores.


## Technologies utilized
Built with Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, EJS, CSS + BootstrapCSS

### Server
The server logic is written in JavaScript and runs on NodeJS. The MVC architectural pattern was utilized in the designing the back-end structure. Authentication is handled by Passport. Data generated by users are stored in a MongoDB database. Users can submit products with corresponding prices which other users can view on the application.

### Client
KanoSan's user interface is writtern in with the templating languange EJS allowing for a quick rendering of data on the front-end with CSS Bootstrap as the styling framework. The logic enabling UI functionalities that interact with the APIs in the server is written in JavaScript.

## Future Optimizations
1) Enable multiple photo uploads & add carousel functionality for photo browsing
2) Add alternative authentication service
3) Enable carousel funcitonality for product viewing
4) Migrate to a modern front-end framework e.g. React, Angular, etc.



# How to Install & Run the Application

`npm install`

---

# Things to add

- Create a `.env` file in config folder and add the following as `key = value`
  - PORT = 2121 (can be any port example: 3000)
  - DB_STRING = `your database URI`
  - CLOUD_NAME = `your cloudinary cloud name`
  - API_KEY = `your cloudinary api key`
  - API_SECRET = `your cloudinary api secret`

---

# Run

`npm start`
